## Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
Driving tutor client DriverPass wanted us to create a learning management system for their company. The primary goal and purpose of this system is to help student drivers pass their local DMV written and road exams. The system would contain features that allowed staff and students to create their own accounts for personal information storage, arrange in-person driving lessons, and edit/attend an online course.

## What did you do particularly well?
I kept the design of the system relatively consistent throughout all phases of the project. I translated DriverPass’ requests into a working business requirements document and Gantt chart. Then, I organized the system and its essential features into UML use case, activity, and sequence diagrams which did not have any conflicting logic. I was not able to embellish on certain components like the relationship of the DMV and Online Course classes with other classes in my UML class diagram due to lack of information. However, I think consulting DriverPass about this in the future would clear things up.

## If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would provide more comprehensive technical requirements in my system design document. I focused on the user’s technical requirements, but should have also included requirements for DriverPass’ end. For example, I would recommend that staff use the same software and hardware. Additionally, I would recommend that the DriverPass system be hosted on a cloud service like Amazon Web Services (AWS). Developers could write the program in Python since lots of information like test scores are being managed, and then deploy as an application to AWS with a service like Kubernetes.

## How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I referred to the initial client meeting transcript and created a working list of all features the client requested. Then, I categorized them into different sections like technical, nontechnical, security, assumptions, and limitations. I also added other assumed features that would aid the user when they utilize the system. Then, I began designing the system and its layers with respect to these overarching categories. It is very important to consider the user’s needs when designing because the client may want certain features, but not account for everything that the user may like or need alongside it. For example, the DriverPass system needs a login feature as requested by the client, but users may want an additional security feature like multi-factor authentication at the login point in order to reassure that their information is only accessed from several but known and approved devices/locations.

## How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I used a big-picture method when designing the DriverPass system. The method I described in the previous prompt is part of this. In general, I like to take all client requests and catalog them first. Then, I consider the frontend experience and add those features to the requirements document before I begin designing the system. This way, I prioritize and organize the client’s requests, and then focus on each section and embellish on them as needed, so all parties using the system will face minimal issues on launch day. In the future, I would like to involve some Scrum-agile practices like daily Scrum meetings and more client interaction so that I am able to touch base with what they all need or are working on.
